New ideas for games

for an activity: ask somebody to draw something from memory. For example draw Winnie the Pooh from memory and then share the gallery. 

Imposter game
How to Play
1

Draw Cards
Each player draws one card. One of you is the Imposter and does not know the secret word. Everyone else gets the same word.

2
Give Clues
A timer starts. Each person takes turns saying exactly one word related to the secret word.

3

The Goal
The group tries to expose the Imposter. The Imposter tries to guess the secret word without being discovered.


Game Over
The game ends when the Imposter guesses the word, the others agree on who it is, or time runs out.


We should have a game builder mode where all the players submit questions and correct answers. We can think through this on how it'd work.

It would be also cool to have a yes and machine where you can build off of people's ideas.


Small things
When you are showing the game that you are hosting, the URL should be a larger font so it's easier to see. 

On the leaderboard your name or the players name is highlighted in black so you can't see it. 

We should make sure that the website is accessible for those who are blind accessing the website and for those who are colorblind.

On the games in the library the order of the buttons should be:
1. Customize
2. Preview
3. Host
The Host should be on the right because if you've never played it before, you probably don't want to host it unless you know what it looks like first.

If you filter by fun, we need to have more than just the one voice game show up.

Using the editor for the four each step is very confusing.

Also on the Speed Quiz Builder some of the facts it was generating weren't correct.


Bigger things
The core games and the starter kit should have a setup mode that we should be thoughtful about for each game specifically so it won't be a blanket decision. For example we need to do these one at a time. For example on speed test we should be able to customize the amount of questions that are asked in the setup mode. 


We need to work through the games individually and make it easier. For example I was trying to edit the speed quiz and add questions and there were just small things that made it more complicated than it had to be. There wasn't a button in the editor where I could indicate what the correct answer was, just which of these multiple choice options is the correct answer. It would be neat if there was an option to shuffle the multiple choice. The announcement step itself has to be rethought so it can be really clear what you are announcing so you don't have to write code. 

My coworker wanted to make a Jackbox-style team competition to review present and past tenses of broad, easy Spanish vocab and it struggled to put that together for him. 